well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today we're going to talk about some
news it's
been overshadowed by all the other news
some interesting reporting at least i
think it's interesting
it is now being reported that president
trump
began accepting his defeat weeks ago
talking about it with his closest
confidants
even making plans to take him and his
staff down to
mar-a-lago
it's interesting see the only reason
that he's been putting up
this fight for the last uh
you know couple weeks is to cement his
image
as a fighter to appeal to those
his most loyal supporters
i gotta be honest makes a lot of sense
to me
trump's all about branding we've known
this the whole time we've talked about
it
over and over again that's what he's
really good at
is branding and when you view things
through that lens
a lot of stuff starts to make sense just
this idea
that he wanted to cast himself as
somebody who would fight to the end
that's why georgia was so important
that's why i made that call
he had to flip one even though it
wouldn't change the outcome
if he could flip one state it would show
that he was a fighter
would help his brand
really makes sense it explained
so many of his actions
at the same time let's consider
something else
if he knew weeks ago and had accepted it
weeks ago
that means that all the damage that was
done
undermining faith in the democratic
system in the united states
was done for nothing just to assist in
him
building his brand beyond that
all the people who gave it money
he took it knowing that
he was leaving that it wasn't going to
do any good
if this reporting is correct that's what
it means
beyond that
those who engaged in unrest
those who went out there and really
threw themselves into the grinder for
him
did so while he knew he had lost
what about the people who attended
rallies
maybe caught something
while he knew he lost all just to build
his brand
that is wild to think about
there are a whole bunch of examples
of things that the president has done
over the last four years
that demonstrate clearly that he never
should have been in the oval office
this this might be the one
that actually reaches his supporters
though
if he knew this entire time
the last couple of weeks that he had
lost
that there was no evidence that he spent
weeks
lying to them that might be the thing
that breaks through
that might be the thing that shows
them what the rest of us already know
this reporting maybe the reporting you
need to show
your family members who still don't see
trump
for who he is i would wait until they
firm it up and
release names on sources and stuff like
that because otherwise they'll just
scream
fake news and stick their fingers in
their ears
but i have to believe
that it's probably accurate it makes so
much more sense than everything else
it also makes sense when you view it
through the lens of the
trump mcconnell power struggle
it all adds up makes a lot more sense
than him actually believing some of the
stuff that he was spouting
i mean i still believe that he has
talked himself
into believing some of it but
the idea that well something was wrong
but i lost
that that checks out that makes sense to
me
and i think it might be something that
your red hat family members
need to hear need to read for themselves
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good night